so you want to lose weight you've tried
dozens of diets yeah you've lost weight
in the past but you always seem to gain
it back plus some why is keeping the
weight off often more difficult than
losing it in the first place simple
diets don't work but changing your
lifestyle does work it's the only
surefire way of losing weight keeping it
off and lowering associated health risks
and that's what empowering ways is all
about we're here to walk you through
step-by-step through the weight loss
phase and the maintenance phase whether
you're contemplating a weight loss
surgery or just looking to get and stay
fit empowering ways can help we're here
to give you the power to positively
change your life permanently empowering
ways is a system that works with your
physician and subscribes to the medical
model we never asked you to buy
supplements or b12 shots or subscribe to
any other fat regardless of what mass
media or so-called medical weight loss
companies tell you there's no magic pill
or shot that simply melts away the
pounds with empowering ways you'll
receive your personal health care team
this includes a behavioral counselor
registered dietitian and a personal
trainer our behavioral counselors are
specialists and obesity and addictions
they'll work closely with you why do you
eat the way you do how do you change a
lifetime of poor habits how do you take
control of your life how do you overcome
obstacles or negative influences at a
high-calorie day your behavioral
counselor can help you identify the
trigger and review ideas to fix the
situation our registered dietitians are
with you every step how do you read a
food label what does it all mean how can
I cook healthier fruits and vegetables
are expensive what can I do
empowering ways has developed custom
exercise routines developed specifically
for the overweight population these are
realistic programs that you can do no
hardbodies 6-pack trainers working out
on the beach these programs are
delivered to you digitally so you can
work out in the privacy of your own home
if you wish do you have a special
situation painful arthritis back issue
or any other issue that makes exercise
difficult no problem you can speak with
our personal trainer at any time and we
will modify your program empowering ways
believes in using technology to help you
reach your goals it's been proven that
those who monitor food and exercise lose
twice as much weight as a VIP member you
have access to the member side of our
website and our app where you can enter
your food for the day it automatically
calculates your calories fat sodium etc
a bluetooth-enabled scale is included
simply step on it and it logs your
weight on your personal app also
included is a wristband that will
calculate your daily caloric burn and
activity our coordination of care is
second to none your primary physician
can communicate directly and instantly
with your personal health care team
perhaps they need you to follow a low
sodium or low sugar diet due to health
concerns no problem your entire team is
just a click away become empowered today
take control once and for all together
with empowering ways you can change your
life get healthier feel better and get
moving again for more information visit
our website at WWF our in ways com
you